Day 1-> 19/01/25 --> I have made git repository where, I will push my push my all day to day assignments.I have completed my assignment 1 in which I have done assigned programs with notepad++. <br>
Day 2-> 22/01/25 --> I have completed java assignment 2, where basic programs of java was there. Then I have made another branch in github named feature_23-01-25 and pushed my code there. <br>
Day 3-> 23/01/25 --> I have completed all the three levels of assignment 3, where programs are given on user input, loop structures, some no. problems etc. and then pushed in another branch feature_23-01-25. <br>
Day 4-> 25/01/25 --> I have completed 2 assignments of java related to array and pushed them on github.<br>
Day 5-> 28/01/25 --> I hava completed 3 assignments on java methods and pushed them in branch feature_28-01-25 <br>
Day 6-> 29/01/25 --> I have completed assignments on strings, some random numbers and on date/time zone and pushed them on github. <br>
Day 7-> 31/01/25 --> I have completed assignments on java class and objects. Here I have created objects on the basis of class and then displayed them, then I pushed them on feature_31-01-25 branch. <br>
Day 8-> 01/02/25 --> I have completed assignments on instance and class variable, access modifier and some basic calculation program using the concept of class and object. I also created various types of constructors and used them in programs. I pushed these in 3 seperate folders in the branch feature_01-02-25. <br>
Day 9-> 04/02/25 --> I have completed assignments on this, final, static and InstanceOf keyword. Using these in the programs and performing various tasks, pushed them into feature_04-02-25. <br>
Day 10-> 05/02/25 --> I have completed assignments on object modelling where I have drawn sequence, object and class diagram. I have learned about aggregation, composition and association.And learned concepts about that, done various program and pushed them into Object_modelling_Assign folder. <br>
Day 11-> 07/02/25 --> I have completed assignment on inheritance and learned types of inheritance like multilevel, single, hierarchical and hybrid.I have done specific programs on types of inheritance and pushed them here with their respective folders about each. <br>
Day 12-> 10/02/25 --> I have completed assignment on encapsulation, polymorphism, interface and abstract.I have solved several problems there on each concept and applied different functions to it. <br>
Day 13-> 11/02/25 --> I have completed assignment on linked list where I have solved question on the concept of class and objects with the help of linked list.Solved various problem on singly, doubly and circular linked list. <br>
Day 14-> 13/02/25 --> I have completed assignment on stack, queue and hashmap.Solved various questions on them and pushed the question on their respective folder. <br>
Day 15-> 14/02/25 --> I have completed assignment on sorting algorithm where I have implemented different sorting algorithm like bubble, selection, heap, quick, merge, counting, insertion. <br>
